>> Coming to GaiaSphere.
>> It's important for us to
understand the ancient past.
>> They're the key to
unlocking consciousness.
>> This week on Gaia.
On "Beyond Belief
with George Noory."
>> 90% of our behavior is
driven from the unconscious
and the subconscious.
And all other therapies are
only working with the 10% left.
>> On "Dragonfly
enLightening Talks."
>> Please be very mindful of
the thoughts that you're having.
Your whole body is
listening to it.
>> On "Journeys Into the Soul."
>> My hope is after having this
session with Ellemiek I can find
my own answers and
many other answers.
Hopefully, she will be able
to help me with and come back
with a clear mind.
>> On "Stairway to the Stars."
>> Are the Knights Templar the
guardians of the Holy Grail?
Well, it's an
interesting question.
But before you
can answer it, you
have to define what
the Holy Grail is.
>> On "Cosmic Disclosure."
>> They don't want people to
know we've had this technology
in excess of a hundred years
to why we're still running
our archaic technologies from
the 1800s, realistically.
>> On "Open Minds
With Regina Meredith."
>> Doesn't matter whether the
question is, is there a gravity,
or is there a god?
My response is, I don't know.
Could be yes, could be no.
Show me the data.
I'm open.
>> Only on Gaia.